support `{chroot}` for program arguments in remote execution (#21803)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/notes/2.25.x.md

even when other headers are configured. If necessary, the user may override the user agent by specifying
one in `remote_store_headers` or `remote_execution_headers`.

> Pants now supports the `{chroot}` replacement marker in program arguments for remote execution. (With local and Docker execution, the `{chroot}` marker is replaced with the absolute path of the sandbox diretory if it appears in program arguments or environment variables. Pants will now replace `{chroot}` for program arguments with remote execution, but still does not yet support doing so in environment variables.)

Author: s/doing so/do so/

> Pants now supports the `{chroot}` replacement marker in program arguments for remote execution. (With local and Docker execution, the `{chroot}` marker is replaced with the absolute path of the sandbox diretory if it appears in program arguments or environment variables. Pants will now replace `{chroot}` for program arguments with remote execution, but still does not yet support doing so in environment variables.)

Reviewer: I wonder if it'd be good to mention the new requirement imposed on the server (I imagine most should satisfy this already, but still, could cause surprise). 

```suggestion
Pants now supports the `{chroot}` replacement marker in program arguments for remote execution. (With local and Docker execution, the `{chroot}` marker is replaced with the absolute path of the sandbox directory if it appears in program arguments or environment variables. Pants will now replace `{chroot}` for program arguments with remote execution, but still does not yet support doing so in environment variables.  This requires `/bin/bash` to be available on the remote execution server.)
```

Author: Done.
